Our first on message function has been put together.
But as I mentioned, there's a little issue with the current implementation.
So take note of how inside of here we are taking the title in the price of the ticket, using it to
build a new ticket and just saving that directly.
I want you to really think about what is going to be happening to the MongoDB record that gets created
to reflect this ticket.
Let me give you a little hint.
All right.
So this diagram right here, we have created a ticket inside of our ticket service.
And we're going to imagine that when this ticket right here is created, we emit an event that is then
received by the Order Service.
And the Order Service wants to receive that information, take the title and the price, and persist
it into its own local ticket collection.
So let's think about what would happen when we insert this ticket with the code that we have currently.
So with this code right here, without a doubt, we would get the exact same title.
And the same price.
No two ways about it.
But remember, whenever we insert a record into MongoDB, it gets assigned a random ID.
And so this thing would be given an ID of, well, who knows what?
This randomly generated ID right here is without a doubt going to be different than the ID that was
assigned back inside the ticket service.
That means that we now have two records that are supposed to be mirrors or absolute copies of each other,
but we have zero consistent identifier between them.
So if I now asked you to give me the ID or the ticket for ID ABC from the Order Service, you would
look at your collection of tickets and you would say, You know what?
I have no idea which of these records matches up with ticket ABC from the ticket service.
So whenever we are replicating data across services, we want to try to make sure that we are using
identical or consistent IDs between them, and that's going to make sure that we can identify these
unique records between all these different services.
So long story short, we want to make sure inside the order service that this ticket we are creating
has the exact same ID of ABC.
So that can be the first thing that we're going to fix up.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, unfortunately.
As usual, just a little bit complicated.
The first thing we need to do is go and adjust our build function.
Right now, our build function does not expect to receive an ID.
Our data object right here has the ID we get.
Pull that out.
That's the idea.
The ticket that was created.
But if we try to pass that in like so we're going to get an error because the build function does not
expect to receive an ID.
So let's go back over to our ticket model file.
We're going to adjust the build function and make sure that it can receive an ID.
But here's my ticket model file.
I'll find my build method.
Here it is right here.
And remember the argument of adders right here must conform to the ticket adders interface.
So to make sure everything lines up, all we really have to do is add the ID property to the ticket
address interface.
So at the top of the file I'll find ticket adders.
I'll say that whenever we try to build a new ticket, we must provide an ID and it must be a string.
So I will make the area go away.
But unfortunately, that's not going to really solve the issue.
So let me tell you why that is.
One more quick diagram.
Okay.
So you might recall that inside of MongoDB, we store all of our records with an underscore ID property.
So when we eventually load this information up into our ticket service from MongoDB, it still has underscore
ID.
It is only when we take this record and turn it into JSON to be transmitted over an event that that
ID gets converted into normal ID of 1 to 3 instead.
So right now when we receive that ID inside of our order service, inside that event, it shows up as
ID of one, two, three.
And we would like to make sure that when this record gets saved to our order's database, it uses that
same ID.
Unfortunately, whenever we save a record with just ID by itself, Mongoose ignores that ID property.
Instead, Mongoose says, Oh, this thing doesn't have an underscore ID.
Well then I'm going to give it a randomly generated ID and assign it to the underscore ID property.
So if we were to take this record right now and save it, we would end up inside of our database with
ID of 1 to 3 title of concert and then underscore ID of some randomly generated ID.
So all we really have to do here as the final step need to make sure that when we go and create the
new instance of the ticket inside the build method, we take that ID.
And assign it to the new record as underscore ID.
So back inside of our ticket schema file.
Here's the model's directory tickets.
Here's our build method.
Rather than just passing through that entire adders object and just allowing it to assign the ID property,
we're going to instead assign all these properties one by one.
And as we're doing that, we're going to rename the Underscore ID property.
So I can put in an object and we're going to assign underscore ID from at first ID.
Then the title from Adders.
That title.
And the price from at asked price like so.
Now the way that I just did this to it renamed the underscore ID property or ID to underscore ID not
super ideal because now we are relying upon listing out each property in great detail.
So in other words, if we start to add some different properties to the ticket adders interface, we're
going to also have to come down to our build method and make sure we assign these properties through
as well.
And so that's just a little bit of technical debt, just something to keep in mind.
All right, so that should be it for massaging this idea around.
Let's take a quick pause right here and continue in just a minute.